# Privacy Policy

Last updated: July 7, 2025

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- __Account__ means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

- __Affiliate__ means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

- __Application__ refers to ShareList, the software program provided by the Company.

- __Company__ (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to ShareList.

- __Country__ refers to:  Thailand

- __Device__ means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

- __Personal Data__ is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- __Service__ refers to the Application.

- __Service Provider__ means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

- __Usage Data__ refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- __You__ means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.



## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:



- Device state
- Usage Data
- Unique device identifiers
- Crash logs
- App Usage

The data abve are collected by Google firebase crashlytics when there is app crash and app usages by firebase analytics for app diagnostics and app features improvement.



#### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically by Google  when using the Service.

Usage Data collected by Google include but not limited to information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data such as type of mobile device at the time of crash.

The above data are collected by Google firebase e.g. crashlytics in event of crashes and are anonymized to protect your privacy and data collected ( cycle of 90 days, upon which the data will then be overridden by Google system) are to help identify issues and trends without revealing specific user information.

Other than collection by the Service Provider, we do not collect or share the data to any third parties.



### Use of Your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- __To provide and maintain our Service__, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
- __To manage Your requests:__ To attend and manage Your requests to Us.


### Retention of Your Personal Data

The data is collected by Google firebase with a cycle of 90 days upon which the old data is replaced. As for the analysed anonymized data, the Company will retain the analysed anonymized data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.

The Usage Data are retained for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

### Transfer of Your Personal Data

The Usage Data, is processed at the Company's work location and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that the Usage Data may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

### Delete Your Personal Data

You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that may have been collected about You.

You can contact Us to delete any personal information that You have provided to Us at support@digiopso.com

Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.

### Disclosure of Your Personal Data

#### Business Transactions

If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

#### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

#### Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability

### Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.


## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian, and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.


## Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page, and you can check the privacy policy at anytime in the "About" section in the application.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:


- By email: support@digiopso.com


- By visiting this page on our website: [https://www.digiopso.com](https://www.digiopso.com)